1. How do you use Bootstrap to make a page responsive?
We can make a page responsive by using the Bootstrap Grid System which helps us to create columns and rows to build a responsive layout of the page.

2. What is the Bootstrap grid system?
Bootstrap Grid System is a collection of reusable code snippets to create responsive layouts. It is made up of containers, rows, and columns.

It uses a 12 column system for the layouting. We can create up to twelve columns across the page.

Container : The purpose of a container is to hold rows and columns.

Row : The purpose of a row is to wrap all the columns.

Column : We should place the columns inside a row and the content inside a column.
We can specify the number of columns our content should occupy in any device. The number of columns we specify should be a number in the range of 1 to 12.
The Bootstrap class names col-* indicates the number of columns you would like to use out of the possible twelve columns per row. For example, col-1, col-5, etc.

3. Can a 14 or 16 column grid system be made?
Bootstrap supports the customization of Bootstrap grid class names.

The number of grid columns can be modified by Sass variables. Sass variables are similar to the JS variables where we used to store the information.

$grid-columns is used to generate the widths (in percent) of each column
$grid-gutter-width sets the padding between the columns.

$grid-columns: 12 !default;
$grid-gutter-width: 30px !default;

4. What is col and span in Bootstrap?
col means column in Bootstrap. Bootstrap Grid System allows up to 12 columns across the page and each column is represented as a span.

5. What is a Bootstrap Container?
The container is the most basic layout class name in Bootstrap and is required when using the Bootstrap Grid System.

The purpose of a container is to hold rows and columns.

Bootstrap comes with three different containers:

.container: It is a responsive, fixed-width container. Its max-width changes at each breakpoint.
.container-fluid: It is a full-width container spanning the entire width of the viewport. (width: 100%)
.container-{breakpoint}: It is 100% wide until the specified breakpoint. For higher breakpoints, it takes the max-width.

6. What are the Bootstrap class names for different breakpoints?
Bootstrap Grid Columns

Bootstrap provides different Bootstrap Grid Column class name prefixes for Five Responsive Tiers (Responsive Breakpoints).

Device	Device Size (Width)	Class Name Prefix
Extra small devices	<576px	col-
Small devices	>=576px	col-sm-
Medium devices	>=768px	col-md-
Large devices	>=992px	col-lg-
Extra large devices	>=1200px	col-xl-
Display Utilities

Examples: d-none, d-sm-none, d-md-none, etc.


7. What are the predefined class names of margin and padding in Bootstrap?
Margin Bootstrap class names	Padding Bootstrap class names
m-*, mt-*, mr-*, mb-*, ml-*	p-*, pt-*, pr-*, pb-*, pl-*
The asterisk (*) symbols can be any number in the range of 0 to 5 or auto.
