1.Enable WSL Feature

Open PowerShell as Administrator and run:

dism.exe /online /enable-feature /featurename:Microsoft-Windows-Subsystem-Linux /all /norestart

2.Enable Virtual Machine Feature

Enable the Virtual Machine Platform feature. Your system will require BIOS-level hardware virtualization support which must be enabled in the BIOS settings.

You can check whether virtualization support is enabled by checking your Task Manager.
  
Open PowerShell as Administrator and run:

dism.exe /online /enable-feature /featurename:VirtualMachinePlatform /all /norestart

Restart your PC.

3.Download Kernel Package

Download the latest WSL2 Linux kernel update package for x64 PCs

Run the update package downloaded in the previous step. (Double-click to run - you will be prompted for elevated permissions, select "yes" to approve this installation.)

4.Set WSL 2 as your default version

Open PowerShell and run this command to set WSL 2 as the default version.

wsl --set-default-version 2

5.Install Linux Distribution

Install Ubuntu from Microsoft Store.
Once the installation is complete, open "Ubuntu" from start-menu.
Enter a new username and password for the WSL environment when prompted.

Note
Password will not be visible when you're typing.


6.Setup Docker

Download Docker Installer and double-click Docker Desktop Installer.exe from your admin account to run the installer.
When prompted, ensure the Enable WSL 2 Features option is selected on the Configuration page.
Follow the instructions on the installation wizard authorize the installer and proceed with the install.
When the installation is successful, click Close to complete the installation process.

To start Docker Desktop, search for Docker, and select Docker Desktop in the search results.

When the whale icon in the status bar stays steady, Docker Desktop is up-and-running, and is accessible from any terminal window

Enable Docker Integration with the WSL

7.Using docker from WSL

Now search for Ubuntu in your installed applications and start the application. A terminal will be opened.

Run the below command to see the docker version

docker -v

Run the below command to install the prerequisites for the IDE

curl -s https://assets.ccbp.in/ide/windows-post-docker-installation.sh | bash

Restart your PC

Starting the IDE

Open the Ubuntu application and run the below step to start the IDE

cd ~/ccbp-ide && docker-compose up -d

Access the IDE from http://localhost

8.Setting up a sample workspace

Now your IDE is ready, let’s create a sample workspace by running the following commands

Step - 1 : Authentication

Authenticate to Advance Learning Portal

ccbp authenticate O0BPI40D3K


Step - 2 : Start a sample project

Create a sample workspace and get the project’s files

ccbp start FNLL8QE5WE

Right click on the index.html, select Open With -> Preview to view the output

And you are all set for working on your further projects! 





